Clean up `EVM_RECEIPT_ACTUAL_FEE_HEIGHT` (#2904)
Sovereign-Labs/sovereign-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

  * The `UnsignedTransaction` type, and multiple member methods of `Transaction`, have changed. Our client SDKs have been updated, but for users manually constructing an UnsignedTransaction in Rust, we recommend explicitly using `UnsignedTransactionV0`. For creating a multisig, use `UnsignedTransactionV0::to_multisig_tx()`.
  * The CHAIN_HASH has changed.
  * The `Generation` uniqueness (replay protection) mechanism has been amended to fix a transaction hash malleability vulnerability with V1 transactions. New, non-malleable hashes are used to prevent replay. **If the rollup has had public V1 transactions submitted**, a migration script must increment the current generation of every user that has submitted a V1 transaction by `PAST_TRANSACTION_GENERATIONS` to invalidate prior existing hashes. No action is needed if there are no users with a prior V1 submission.

> - #PR_NUMBER **Breaking change**: for EVM rollups only: removes the `EVM_RECEIPT_ACTUAL_FEE_HEIGHT` constant.

Author: ```suggestion
- #2904 **Breaking change**: for EVM rollups only: removes the `EVM_RECEIPT_ACTUAL_FEE_HEIGHT` constant.
```
